when treason
and break the light
this year the judges of the Kahn Film
Festival presented the award best film
by a new director to Easy Rider
it's the story of a man who went looking
for America and couldn't find it
anywhere
Easy Rider stars Peter Fonda it's not
every man that can live off the land you
know you do your own thing in your own
time
you should be proud also starring Dennis
Hopper the award-winning director of
Easy Rider yeah look I gotta get out of
wood we got things we want to do man
like that I I can't get out of here go
starring Jack Nicholson he got to
seriously scissor happy beautify America
thing going on around here they're
trying to make everybody look like Yul
Brynner
and note this used to be a hell of a
good country I don't understand what's
going on
everybody got chicken man that's what
happened I thought I wasn't drinking but
I love to freak no man this is grass
you mean marijuana look like a bunch of
refugees from a guerilla lirlean
oh I just can't believe what are they
doing here I don't never know but I
don't think they'll make the parish line
side will scare the hell out of you're
not scared of you
they scared of what you represent to all
we represent to them man if somebody
needs haircut Oh what you represent to
them sprayed them what the hell is wrong
with freedom then that's what it's all
about
everyone
we can climb so high
Oh
was to be Bree
and that's the way it turned out
to be low
Oh